# Viewing Documentation
Each module contains supporting documentation within itself, just click on a file to view its contents.  To have soft line wraps, either click Raw or click the three dots and then enable "Wrap lines".
# Library Contents
Here's a description of the PICAXE BASIC modules in this library:

Module Name | Module Description
:--- | :--- 
[Debugger.basinc](./Debugger.basinc) | Provides debugging commands based on the standard ``sertxd`` command that can easily be turned on or off using a single compiler directive. The module is light-weight and does not consume additional program space.  It helps to: Easily enable/disable debugging; improve program readability; display boot-up splash information such as the program name, programming time and URI for more info; and to represent byte values as indiviual bits, shown as two nibbles, or as hex values.  Ideally this module is loaded after Timing.basinc.
[Timing.basinc](./Timing.basinc)	| Provides pause times that work regardless of PICAXE clock rate. After specfying the clock rate the module sets the clock and terminal rates accordingly and optionally sets the "major tick" rate for the ``timer`` variable of X2 chips. It helps program readability and avoids timing modifications if a project's clock rate has not been finalised.
[DF_Player_Mini.basinc](./DF_Player_Mini.basinc)	| Plays speech, effects and music with the "DF Player Mini".  Numbers can either be spoken as integers from zero to 65535, or as decimals with 1, 2, or 3 places, or as ordinals such as 1st, 2nd, 113th etc. Sentences can be formed by sequencing words, numbers and phrases together as MP3 or WAV files. Adverts can be played that interrupt the playing track, to provide annoucements or special effects. A starter set of audio tracks based on downloaded AI speech is available in the [Buzz Wire Race](/Buzz_Wire_Race/Audio) project.
[Voltage_X2.basinc](./Voltage_X2.basinc)	| Provides accurate ADC to voltage conversion with a small amount of program code and memory. The PICAXE supply voltage can be set manually, or determined automatically by using the internal FVR (Fixed Voltage Reference). The module can calibrate the FVR to reduce inaccuracy too.  The X2 operator “*/” is used to simplify maths and reduce program space, so M2 chips are not supported.
[RTC_MCP7940N.basinc](./RTC_MCP7940N.basinc)	| Provides an interface for the MCP7940N Real Time Clock, which uses an I2C interface, comes in a PDIP-8 package and includes an alarm that can assert an output pin, even in battery backup mode. The interface allows setting the time, alarm0 and various control parameters.
[GPS_NEO-M8N.basinc](./GPS_NEO-M8N.basinc)	| Provides an interface to read the time from a NEO-M8N board using the PICAXE high speed serial port.  It disables the streaming of the ASCII based NMEA protocol and uses U-BLOX's own binary protocal with specific requests and reads.  To ensure integrity, the module implements a full match and check of the message replies.
