# Library Contents
The table below describes the PICAXE BASIC modules in this library:

Module Name | Module Description
:--- | :--- 
Debugger.basinc | Provides debugging commands based on the standard ``sertxd`` command that can easily be turned on or off using a single compiler directive. The module is light-weight and does not consume additional program space.  It helps to: Easily enable/disable debugging; improve program readability; and to represent byte values as indiviual bits, shown as two nibbles.
Timing.basinc	| Provides pause times that work regardless of PICAXE clock rate. After specfying the clock rate the module sets the clock and terminal rates accordingly and optionally sets the "major tick" rate for the ``timer`` variable of X2 chips. It helps program readability and avoids timing modifications if a project's clock rate has not been finalised.
DF_Player_Mini.basinc	| Plays speech, effects and music with the "DF Player Mini".  Numbers can either be spoken as integers from zero to 65535, or as decimals with 1, 2, or 3 places, or as ordinals such as 1st, 2nd, 113th etc. Sentences can be formed by sequencing words, numbers and phrases together as MP3 or WAV files. Adverts can be played that interrupt the playing track, to provide annoucements or special effects. A starter set of audio tracks based on downloaded AI speech is available in the [Buzz Wire Race Game](https://github.com/alnhnt/PICAXE/tree/main/Buzzz_Wire_Race_Game/Audio) project.
Voltage_X2.basinc	| Provides accurate ADC to voltage conversion with a small amount of program code and memory. The PICAXE supply voltage can be set manually, or determined automatically by using the internal FVR (Fixed Voltage Reference). The module can calibrate the FVR to reduce inaccuracy too.  The X2 operator “*/” is used to simplify maths and reduce program space, so M2 chips are not supported.
